update description (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-grid-display-context-menu-items-based-on-condition: Readme.md

# Grid View for ASP.NET Web Forms - Enable or disable context menu items and change their visibility based on selected row data
<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/t120218/)**
<!-- run online end -->

> This example demonstrate how to create context menu items and enable/disable or show/hide them on the client or on the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrate how to create context menu items and enable/disable or show/hide them on the client or server.
```

![Context menu items](contextMenuItems.png)

## Overview

In this example, the context menu has three items:

1. The first item is always visible and enabled.
2. The second item is enabled, but visible only for selected rows.

> 3. The third item is always visible, but enabled only for selected rows that have the checked chekbox in the **Discontinued** column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The third item is always visible, but enabled only for selected rows that have a checked checkbox in the **Discontinued** column.
```
